Add note about CA Cert rollover to guide (#46930)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/seamless-mdm-migration.md

> Seamless migration may still be possible with control of DNS along with a copy of the original Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for the APNS certificate. If you are in this situation, please reach out to the Fleet team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seamless migration may still be possible with control of DNS along with a copy of the original Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for the APNS certificate. If you are in this situation, please reach out to [Fleet support](https://fleetdm.com/support).
```

> If your SCEP certificate expires in less than 5 years, its validity will need to be extended. If you are in this situation, please reach out to the Fleet team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SCEP certificate expires in less than 5 years, its validity will need to be extended. If you are in this situation, please reach out to [Fleet support](https://fleetdm.com/support).
```

@JordanMontgomery how do I know if I'm in this situation? Will it be obvious to me?

FYI @ddribeiro @zayhanlon re pointing folks to support.

Author: I guess that's a good question. I'm not entirely sure what format they usually have these items in strating out. They can test this with OpenSSL but the exact command depends on what format they've got and we don't cover that in this guide, we just say this about inserting the SCEP cert

> This is done via manual modification of the Fleet database and configurations. The Fleet team will perform this configuration on Fleet Cloud instances and can advise how to do it on self-hosted Fleet instances.

Reviewer: Ok, sounds like we'll leave out a "how to check" for now.

@ddribeiro do you think we want some process for new customers that do the seamless migration? Something like keep a list of which customers and check with each every year to see if they're coming up on expiration.
